hey this is David the skin king from
acne erasing secrets calm today I'm
gonna talk about olive oil and its use
for and acne treatment let's jump right
into it this olive oil helps get rid of
acne the answer to that question is yes
that most definitely does olive oil is
actually an ancient beauty secret that
not many people know about first off you
want to use extra virgin olive oil this
is the healthiest kind of olive oil and
it will work the best extra virgin olive
oil is just the olives basically you
know squished your grounded if you will
and that's the juice from you know whole
dollars regular olive oil has chemicals
and additives you only get extra virgin
olive that I will in its purest form and
will work the best to give a can help
you have your skin so does actually
remember one thing you want to do is
replace your butter with extra virgin
olive oil and you benefit yourself
double much prevent development
basically event in for yourself that was
much because I dairy causes more acne
where it's I'll go get rid of it that's
one thing that not makes will known Gary
I think that cheese I you know butter
ice cream things like that they actually
cause more acne because it's a bacteria
which causes acne and a lot of times the
dairy is and healthy doesn't have all
the nutrients that they say it has so
better get some fruits and vegetables
instead of dairy so replace butter
without extra virgin olive oil and
you're doing do good things that won't
stop your vacuum quicker the benefits
action virgin olive oil or quite a few
these are just a few of them Avila will
stimulate metabolism most addition and
lubricates mucous membranes helps your
digestive system guys I if jumps in your
body talk to the temples those things
cause acne a lot not only in your face
but maybe on your back or neck or
shoulder or whatever where you have acne
you want to definitely have a good
digestive system metabolism so I can
flush this inside your body you should
be putting them in the first place and
that's part of
getting rid of acne preventing an acne
in the first place and giving also
getting rid of it but it's good to have
a good metabolism and body that flushes
out it also contains a high amount of
vitamin E and if you know about vitamin
E is very beneficial to your skin women
loans beneficial vitamins fish can
actually probably most palatable but if
your stand by the mini is great for skin
facilitated healing and the health of
your skin I'll extra virgin olive oil
also moisturizes explained of your skin
kind of antioxidants and it just really
cleanses and moisturizes your skin and
makes it look beautiful amazing and
that's something the people's like
Greece and Italy that was one that was
their ancient kind of duty to God with
those three but in the Mediterranean all
definitely beneficial so here's what you
want to do when he's extra virgin olive
oil and you die as much as possible I
completely personally replaced butter
with this so i get rid of the bad and
replace it look good thing tomm doing
too good at once I and my sentence you
can also take a bit and rub it into your
hands and then rub it into your skin on
your face and just shot my saga of your
skin so you include in your diet but you
also rub it into your skin because when
you rub it in your skin it does the job
on the outside and it's just doubled
effective it's a good way to moisturize
your skin give it letter than eat and
just help your skin heal and they cover
here is acting so both massaging you
rubbing into your face and including
your diet once a tip on that I don't
want your Pittsburgh out in public and I
just want to look shiny there will shine
you up for that before bed and then you
know I massage it in and then basically
you will sleep on it and on your skin
will absorb it forwards so don't notice
it overnight so getting your skin is
will have to go work and the great job
really does a very good job I include
your diet in you then your skin and then
we'll step my health great acne
treatment there's many natural acne
treatments is just one of them I learn
more subscribe to channel now does it
juice com subscribe to my channel hit
the yellow button hit the like button
comment on this share the video thanks
so much i appreciate that the days of
stinking now go to acne years in
speakers calm and give my story and the
other natural acting sure that i'm using
here as acne overnight yep overnight so
go to site mean subscribe the channel
and i look forward to hearing your
acting you're a complete this
testimonial take care